the classes will start in the square installation of first paulo
let's get a lot of applause a child is in the mansion of the century
twice over the third
3 times
we are here to add
three class b currents
two chains lacerda
repeating two more points to
they made this first lake
do it
during this month sponsorship
lille
2 on the third
beyond which point in barretos
one two three four five
the third
soldiers
bring them here four scales left at the end with two dots
to phase 5
indigenous
two needles enter on it the first speck of the lower race
repeating the chains
thailand authors in the third
thirty reais
3 of course yes
on the third
we work two artists
I do this
competitors
the blind
This is all right here.
in the mountains I can not speak what I want to the upper air forces about
he
you will do
will happen
chains
two more high points
two 3 4 5
competitors
continuous afternoon monitors
which every part
3 4
competitors
coli two dots dates and the third
while barreto
the uss carl vinson
the blind
the Chinese interest
we have the first career such two worst seconds
on the other side of the key
but I liked my second career.
the problems
the house rule
and do it
a high point
do it
a resident
two three four
classic competitors
twice
the tip of caldwell
this breed
is that they can stay at the same height
repeating the world
almost three months
first career I know
whole career
golden now
gudermes type of soil
and let's repeat punctual
suddenly
20 days ago
happy
2 on the third
beyond the account
care
two three four five
moons on the third
between lows
repeating the currents
bc has
we have the previous point
on his extradition
but we are going to work in the third party ...
two chains
two for one
Are you going to continue this way?